Since we could crawl,
our family studied it all.
Even though small,
we understood what we were learning.
Father would read to me
before I would sleep.
Now I am taller;
I still keep up with that routine.
And when I’m by myself,
I take that book down off the shelf.
I remember what the scripture said
that I would need so I could stand firm.
Study makes you strong,
Just like a tree that’s planted
by a river stream.
Study makes you strong.
Your leaves just won’t dry out
and everything succeeds.
Study makes you strong,
Just like a tree that’s planted
its roots down deep.
Study makes you strong.
You’ll grow so big and tall
there’s nothing you won’t see.
What will I say when a big chance
comes my way?
What will my classmates say
if I don’t follow with them?
All of the information’s
here on display.
I’m not afraid,
because I learned this as an infant.
ʹCause when I’m by myself,
I take that book down off the shelf.
I remember what the scripture said
that I would need so I could stand firm.
Study makes you strong,
Just like a tree that’s planted
by a river stream.
Study makes you strong.
Your leaves just won’t dry out
and everything succeeds.
Study makes you strong,
Just like a tree that’s planted
its roots down deep.
Study makes you strong.
You’ll grow so big and tall
there’s nothing you won’t see.
Every word that’s helping me
Could contain the very key
To offer just the help
and encouragement somebody needs.
Study makes you strong.
Study makes you strong,
Just like a tree that’s planted
by a river stream.
Study makes you strong.
Your leaves just won’t dry out
and everything succeeds.
Study makes you strong,
Just like a tree that’s planted
its roots down deep.
Study makes you strong.
You’ll grow so big and tall
there’s nothing you won’t see.